Lucifer son of the morning star yes but
one of my many names as the cause but
one of yours you presume not to address
me as long Dracula now my friend iris
Chris up shoes only once and for it I
fell into darkness and he summoned you
for there are things that you must see
for yourself look into the pool have you
not own is reading for for God and I ask
what will grant you after you die what
will be reuniting with my beloved wife
again hey do you really believe she
resides with you think the thing she
took on life
you liar what you show me cannot be
don't you see it is his will that you
live in this man but why his band has
always been to condemn you to suffer me
he once lavished late for children on
another and more flavored man who is
this you speak of his name was King
Arthur favor Anna lunch that is but a
legend no he was quite real let me how
could you with vengeance I delivered
laron then I'm a great and powerful to
range the false rumors kingdom for the
ground and remake it in your own image
what is the price of such power you will
be drenched portrait back to the time of
panty lines where you would seek out the
sorceress small banner with her head you
were hunt down and destroy King Arthur I
had destroyed many men with me ah he's
no ordinary man you will be immense
strength to defeat him jump into the
fire and be rewarded with a tender
rain fall for this I must die and be
reborn as an immortal vampire shares you
the full of pallets of the dead eyes and
the studio step to the fire and you
promised these gifts
a what that's my soldier and the rumor
can you were awakened from strangers
three and into one nightmare No
you